                                          HF Markets (SV) Ltd

                                  GENERAL RISK DISCLOSURE




___                                                    ___                             ___

Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510,   T. +44-2030978571   support@hfm.com
Beachmont, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines   F. +44-2030978570      www.hfm.com
                                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                                     General Risk Disclosure


                                                         Table of Contents

1.   Introduction ............................................................................................................................ 3

2.   Risk Warnings .......................................................................................................................... 3

3.   General Risks and Acknowledgements .................................................................................. 3

4.   Third Party Risks...................................................................................................................... 6

5.   Trading Platform Risks ............................................................................................................ 7

6.   Technical Risks ........................................................................................................................ 8

7.   Risks Particularly Associated with Transactions in Financial Instruments ......................... 10




                                                                      2
                            Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                                Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   General Risk Disclosure


1.   Introduction

1.1. HF Markets (SV) Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), is incorporated under the
     laws of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines with Registration 22747 IBC 2015 having its
     registered office at Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510, Beachmont,
     Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The Company is authorised as an
     International Business Company under the International Business Companies (Amendment
     and Consolidation) Act, Chapter 149 of the Revised Laws of Saint Vincent and Grenadines,
     2009 (herein the “Law”).

1.2. The objects of the Company are all subject matters not forbidden by International Business
     Companies (Amendment and Consolidation) Act, Chapter 149 of the Revised Laws of Saint
     Vincent and the Grenadines, 2009, in particular but not exclusively all commercial, financial,
     lending, borrowing, trading, service activities and the participation in other enterprises as
     well as to provide brokerage, training and managed account services in currencies,
     commodities, indexes, CFDs and leveraged financial instruments.


2.   Risk Warnings

2.1. The Client should not engage in any investment directly or indirectly in Financial
     Instruments unless he knows and understands the risks involved for each one of the
     Financial Instruments offered by the Company. So, prior to applying for an account the
     Client should consider carefully whether investing in a specific Financial Instrument is
     suitable for him in the light of his circumstances and financial resources.

2.2. If the Client does not understand the risks involved he/she should seek advice and
     consultation from an independent financial advisor. If the Client still does not understand
     the risks involved in trading in any Financial Instruments, he/she should not trade at all.


3.   General Risks and Acknowledgements

3.1. The Client is warned of the following risks (not exhaustive):



                                                         3
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                             General Risk Disclosure


(a) The Company does not and cannot guarantee that money deposited in his Client
    Account for trading will not be lost as a result of his transactions.

(b) The Client should acknowledge that, regardless of any information which may be
    offered by the Company, the value of any investment in Financial Instruments may
    fluctuate downwards or upwards and it is even probable that the investment may
    become of no value.

(c) The Client should acknowledge that he runs a great risk of incurring losses and
    damages as a result of the purchase and/or sale of any Financial Instrument and
    accepts that he is willing to undertake this risk.

(d) Information of the previous performance of a Financial Instrument does not guarantee
    its current and/or future performance. The use of historical data does not constitute a
    binding or safe forecast as to the corresponding future performance of the Financial
    Instruments to which the said information refers.

(e) The Client is hereby advised that the transactions undertaken through the dealing
    services of the Company may be of a speculative nature. Large losses may occur in a
    short period of time and may be equal to the total of funds deposited with the
    Company.

(f) Some Financial Instruments may not become immediately liquid as a result e.g. of
    reduced demand and the Client may not be in a position to sell them or easily obtain
    information on the value of these Financial Instruments or the extent of the associated
    risks.

(g) When a Financial Instrument is traded in a currency other than the currency of the
    Client’s country of residence, any changes in the exchange rates may have a negative
    effect on its value, price and performance.

(h) A Financial Instrument on foreign markets may entail risks different to the usual risks
    of the markets in the Client’s country of residence. In some cases, these risks may be
    greater. The prospect of profit or loss from transactions on foreign markets is also
    affected by exchange rate fluctuations.
                                                   4
              Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                  Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                             General Risk Disclosure


(i) A Derivative Financial Instrument (i.e. option, future, forward, swap, contract for
    difference) may be a non-delivery spot transaction giving an opportunity to make profit
    on changes in currency rates, commodity, stock market indices or share prices called
    the underlying instrument.

(j) The value of the Derivative Financial Instrument may be directly affected by the price
    of the security or any other underlying asset which is the object of the acquisition.

(k) The Client must not purchase a Derivative Financial Instrument unless he is willing to
    undertake the risks of losing entirely all the money which he has invested and also any
    additional commissions and other expenses incurred.

(l) Under certain market conditions (for example but not limited to the following
    situations: force majeure event, technical failure, communications network failure,
    poor or no liquidity, market news or announcements etc.) it may be difficult or
    impossible to execute an order.

(m) Placing Stop Loss Orders serves to limit your losses. However, under certain market
    conditions the execution of a Stop Loss Order may be worse than its stipulated price
    and the realized losses can be larger than expected.

(n) Should the Equity of the Client be insufficient to hold current positions open, the Client
    may be called upon to deposit additional funds at short notice or reduce exposure.
    Failure to do so within the time required may result in the liquidation of positions at a
    loss and he will be liable for any resulting deficit.

(o) The Client’s attention is expressly drawn to currencies traded so irregularly or
    infrequently that it cannot be certain that a price will be quoted at all times or that it
    may be difficult to effect transactions at a price which may be quoted owing to the
    absence of a counter party.

(p) Trading on-line, no matter how convenient or efficient, does not necessarily reduce
    risks associated with currency trading.

(q) There is a risk that the Client’s trades in Financial Instruments may be or become
    subject to tax and/or any other duty for example because of changes in legislation or
                                                   5
              Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                  Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                     HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  General Risk Disclosure


          his personal circumstances. The Company does not warrant that no tax and/or any
          other stamp duty will be payable. The Client should be responsible for any taxes and/or
          any other duty which may accrue in respect of his trades.

     (r) Before the Client begins to trade, he should obtain details of all commissions and other
          charges for which the Client will be liable. If any charges are not expressed in money
          terms (but for example as a dealing spread), the Client should ask for a written
          explanation, including appropriate examples, to establish what such charges are likely
          to mean in specific money terms.

     (s) The Company will not provide the Client with investment advice relating to
          investments or possible transactions in investments or make investment
          recommendations of any kind.

     (t) There may be situations, movements and/or conditions occurring at the weekend, at
          the beginning of the week or intra-day after the release of significant macroeconomic
          figures, economic or political news that make currency markets to open with price
          levels that substantially differ from previous prices. In this case, there exists a
          significant risk that orders issued to protect open positions and open new positions
          may be executed at prices significantly different from those designated.


4.   Third Party Risks

4.1. The Company may be required to hold your money in an account that is segregated from
     other Clients and the Company’s money in accordance with current regulations, but this
     may not afford complete protection.

4.2. The Company may pass money received from the Client to a third party (e.g. a bank) to hold
     or control in order to effect a Transaction through or with that person or to satisfy the
     Client’s obligation to provide collateral (e.g. initial margin requirement) in respect of a
     Transaction. The Company has no responsibility for any acts or omissions of any third party
     to whom it will pass money received from the Client.



                                                        6
                   Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                       Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   General Risk Disclosure


4.3. The third party to whom the Company will pass money may hold it in an omnibus account
     and it may not be possible to separate it from the Client’s money, or the third party’s
     money. In the event of the insolvency or any other analogous proceedings in relation to
     that third party, the Company may only have an unsecured claim against the third party on
     behalf of the Client, and the Client will be exposed to the risk that the money received by
     the Company from the third party is insufficient to satisfy the claims of the Client with
     claims in respect of the relevant account. The Company does not accept any liability or
     responsibility for any resulting losses.

4.4. A Company or Bank or Broker through whom the Company may deal with could have
     interests contrary to the Client’s interests.

4.5. The insolvency of the Company or of a Bank or Broker used by the Company to effect its
     transactions may lead to the Client’s positions being closed out against your wishes.


5.   Trading Platform Risks

5.1. Clients, who undertake transactions on an electronic trading system, will be exposed to
     risks associated with the system including the failure of hardware and software
     (Internet/Servers). The result of any system failure may be that an order is either not
     executed according to the instructions provided for it, or is not executed at all. The
     Company does not accept any liability in the case of such a failure. The use of wireless
     connections or dial-up connections, or any other form of unstable connection at the client’s
     end, may result in poor or interrupted connectivity or lack of signal strength causing delays
     in the transmission of data between the client and Company, when using the Company’s
     Electronic Trading Platform. Such delays or disturbances may result in the client sending to
     the Company out of date ‘Market Orders’. In these circumstances, the Company will update
     the price and execute the order at the best available ‘market price’.

5.2. The Client acknowledges that only one Instruction is allowed to be in the queue at one time.
     Once the Client has sent an Instruction, any further Instructions sent by the Client are
     ignored and the “orders is locked” message appears until the first Instruction is executed.


                                                         7
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   General Risk Disclosure


5.3. The Client acknowledges that the only reliable source of Quotes Flow information is that of
     the live Server’s Quotes Base. Quotes Base in the Client Terminal is not a reliable source of
     Quotes Flow information because the connection between the Client Terminal and the
     Server may be disrupted at some point and some of the Quotes simply may not reach the
     Client Terminal.

5.4. The Client acknowledges that when an Order is closed or being executed, it may not be
     cancelled or modified.

5.5. The Client may lose all amounts he has deposited with the Company as margin. The placing
     of certain orders available on the Trading Platform (e.g. “stop-loss” or “limit” orders) that
     are intended to limit losses to certain amounts may not always be effective because market
     conditions or technological limitations may make it impossible to execute such orders.
     Please also note that for all orders (including guaranteed stop loss orders) you may sustain
     the loss (which your order is intended to limit) in a short period of time. In other cases the
     execution of a Stop Loss orders may be worse than its stipulated price and the realized
     losses can be larger than expected.


6.   Technical Risks

6.1. The Client and not the Company shall be responsible for the risks of financial losses caused
     by failure, malfunction, interruption, disconnection or malicious actions of information,
     communication, electricity, electronic or other systems.

6.2. The Company has no responsibility if authorized third persons have access to information,
     including electronic addresses, electronic communication and personal data, access data
     when the above are transmitted between the Company or any other party, using the
     internet or other network communication facilities, telephone, or any other electronic
     means.

6.3. The Client acknowledges that the unencrypted information transmitted by e-mail is not
     protected from any unauthorized access.



                                                         8
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                       HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                    General Risk Disclosure


6.4. At times of excessive deal flow the Client may have some difficulties to be connected over
     the phone or the Company’s trading platform(s)/system(s), especially in fast Market (for
     example, when key macroeconomic indicators are released).

6.5. The Client acknowledges that the internet may be subject to events which may affect his
     access to the Company’s website and/or the Company’s trading platform(s)/system(s),
     including but not limited to interruptions or transmission blackouts, software and hardware
     failure, internet disconnection, public electricity network failures or hacker attacks. The
     Company is not responsible for any damages or losses resulting from such events which are
     beyond its control or for any other losses, costs, liabilities, or expenses (including, without
     limitation, loss of profit) which may result from the Client’s inability to access the
     Company’s Website and/or Trading System or delay or failure in sending orders or
     Transactions.

6.6. The Client is warned that when trading in an electronic platform he assumes risk of financial
     loss which may be a consequence of amongst other things:

      (a) Failure of Client’s devices, software and poor quality of connection.

      (b) The Company’s or Client’s hardware or software failure, malfunction or misuse.

      (c) Improper work of Client’s equipment.

      (d) Wrong setting of Client’s Terminal.

      (e) Delayed updates of Client’s Terminal.

6.7. In connection with the use of computer equipment and data and voice communication
     networks, the Client bears the following risks amongst other risks in which cases the
     Company has no liability of any resulting loss:

     (a) Power cut of the equipment on the side of the Client or the provider, or communication
          operator (including voice communication) that serves the Client.

     (b) Physical damage (or destruction) of the communication channels used to link the Client
          and provider (communication operator), provider, and the trading or information
          server of the Client.

                                                          9
                     Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                         Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                     HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  General Risk Disclosure


     (c) Outage (unacceptably low quality) of communication via the channels used by the
         Client, or the channels used by the provider, or communication operator (including
         voice communication) that are used by the Client.

     (d) Wrong or inconsistent with requirements settings of the Client Terminal.

     (e) Untimely update of the Client Terminal.

     (f) When carrying out transactions via the telephone (land or cell phone lines) voice
         communication, the Client runs the risk of problematic dialing, when trying to reach an
         employee of the broker service department of the Company due to communication
         quality issues and communication channel loads.

     (g) The use of communication channels, hardware and software, generate the risk of non-
         reception of a message (including text messages) by the Client from the Company.

     (h) Trading over the phone might be impeded by overload of connection.

     (i) Malfunction or non-operability of the trading system (platform), which also includes
         the Client Terminal.

     (j) Outage (unacceptably low quality) of communication via the channels used by the
         Company, in particular physical damage (destruction) of the communication channels
         by third parties.


7.   Risks Particularly Associated with Transactions in Financial Instruments

7.1. Investing in some Financial Instruments entails the use of “gearing” or “leverage”. In
     considering whether to engage in this form of investment, the Client should be aware that
     the high degree of “gearing” or “leverage” is a particular feature of Derivative Financial
     Instruments. This stems from the margining system applicable to such trades, which
     generally involves a comparatively modest deposit or margin in terms of the overall
     contract value, so that a relatively small movement in the underlying market can have a
     disproportionately dramatic effect on the Client’s trade. If the underlying market
     movement is in the Client’s favor, the client may achieve a good profit, but an equally small
     adverse market movement can not only quickly result in the loss of the Clients’ entire
                                                       10
                   Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                       Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   General Risk Disclosure


     deposit, but may also expose the Client to a large additional loss. In regard to transactions
     in derivative Financial Instruments, a derivative Financial Instrument is a non-deliverable
     spot transaction giving an opportunity to make profit or loss on changes in currency rates,
     commodity, stock market indices or share prices called the underlying instrument. The
     Client must not purchase derivative Financial Instrument unless he is willing to undertake
     the risks of losing entirely all the money which he has invested and also any additional
     commissions and other expenses incurred.

7.2. Transactions may not be undertaken on a recognized or designated investment exchange
     and, accordingly, they may expose the Client to greater risks than exchange transactions.
     The terms and conditions and trading rules may be established solely by the Company. The
     Client may only be able to close an open position of any given contract during the opening
     hours of the Company. The Client may also have to close any position with the same
     counterparty with whom it was originally entered into. In regard to transactions in Financial
     Instruments with the Company, the Company is using a Trading Platform for transactions
     in Financial Instruments which does not fall into the definition of a recognized exchange or
     a Multilateral Trading Facility.

7.3. This notice cannot and does not disclose or explain all of the risks and other significant
     aspects involved in dealing in all Financial Instrument and investment services. This notice
     was designed to explain in general terms the nature of the risks involved when dealing in
     Financial Instruments on a fair and non-misleading basis.

7.4. Please refer to the Risk Disclosure for Financial Instruments available at the Company’s
     website if you are considering trading with the Company in derivative Financial
     Instruments.




Version: 2024/01




                                                        11
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
