                                        HF MARKETS (SV) LTD

                                   ORDER EXECUTION POLICY




___                                                    ___                             ___

Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510,   T. +44-2030978571   support@hfm.com
Beachmont, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines   F. +44-2030978570      www.hfm.com
                                                                                                                HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                              Order Execution Policy



                                                     Table of Contents

1.   Introduction................................................................................................................... 3

2.   Scope and Services ......................................................................................................... 3

3.   Execution Venue ............................................................................................................. 4

4.   Best Execution Factors .................................................................................................... 4

5.   Best Execution Criteria .................................................................................................... 9

6.   Client’s Specific Instruction ........................................................................................... 10

7.   Review and Monitoring ................................................................................................ 10

8.   Client Consent .............................................................................................................. 10




                                                                 2
                          Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                              Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                    Order Execution Policy


1.    Introduction

1.1   HF Markets (SV) Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), is incorporated under the
      laws of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines with Registration 22747 IBC 2015 having its
      registered office at Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510, Beachmont,
      Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The Company is authorised as an
      International Business Company under the International Business Companies (Amendment
      and Consolidation) Act, Chapter 149 of the Revised Laws of Saint Vincent and Grenadines,
      2009 (herein the “Law”).

1.2   The objects of the Company are all subject matters not forbidden by International Business
      Companies (Amendment and Consolidation) Act, Chapter 149 of the Revised Laws of Saint
      Vincent and the Grenadines, 2009, in particular but not exclusively all commercial, financial,
      lending, borrowing, trading, service activities and the participation in other enterprises as
      well as to provide brokerage, training and managed account services in currencies,
      commodities, indexes, CFDs and leveraged financial instruments.

1.3   Under the above legislation, the Company is required to take all reasonable steps to obtain
      the best possible result (or “best execution”) on behalf of its clients either when executing
      client orders or receiving and transmitting orders for execution. These rules require the
      Company to put in place an execution policy which sets out how it will obtain best execution
      for its clients and to provide appropriate information to its Clients on its order execution
      policy.


2.    Scope and Services

2.1   This Policy applies when the Company provides the investment services of reception and
      transmission of orders in relation to one or more financial instruments and/or execution of
      orders on behalf of clients. The Financial Instruments provided by the Company are
      Contracts for Difference (CFDs) of an underlying asset and it is up to the Company’s
      discretion to decide which types of CFDs to make available from time to time and to publish
      the prices at which these can be traded in line with the prices offered by its Liquidity
      Provider.


                                                          3
                     Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                         Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                     HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   Order Execution Policy


3.    Execution Venue

3.1   The Company is the Execution Venue for the execution of Clients’ Orders in CFDs. So, in
      relation to Client CFD transactions, the Company executes the Client Orders.

3.2   It is the Company’s policy to maintain such internal procedures and principles in order to
      act for the best interest of its Clients and provide them the best possible result (or “best
      execution”) when transmitting their Orders for execution.

3.3   The Company’s operations times are: round – the – clock from 00.00.51 A.M. (GMT +2)
      Monday through 00.00.00 P.M. (GMT +2) Friday. Non-working periods: from 00.00.01 A.M.
      (GMT +2) Saturday through 00.00.51 P.M. (GMT +2) Monday. Any changes in the
      Company’s operations times as well as holidays and trading times for specific Financial
      Instruments are shown on the Company’s website.

3.4   The Client acknowledges and consents that the transactions entered in Financial
      Instruments with the Company are not undertaken on a recognized exchange or a
      multilateral trading facility (MTF), rather they are undertaken through the Company’s
      Trading Platform (i.e. Over-The-Counter) and, accordingly, they may expose the Client to
      greater risks than regulated exchange transactions. The terms and conditions and trading
      rules are established solely by the Company. The Client can only close an open position of
      any given Financial Instruments during the opening hours of the Company’s Trading
      Platform. The Client also has to close any open position with the Company.


4.    Best Execution Factors

4.1   The Company shall take all reasonable steps to obtain the best possible result for its clients
      taking into account the following factors when executing Clients’ orders against the
      Company’s quoted prices, as provided by its Liquidity Provider:

      (a) Price:

      •   BID/ASK Spread: For any given Financial Instrument the Company will quote two prices,
          as offered by the Liquidity Provider: the higher price (ASK) at which the client can buy
          (go long) that Financial Instrument, and the lower price (BID) at which the client can


                                                         4
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                              HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                            Order Execution Policy


    sell (go short) that Financial Instrument; collectively they are referred to as the
    Company’s price. The difference between the lower and the higher price of a given
    Financial Instrument is the spread.

•   Pending Orders: Such orders as “Buy Limit”, “Buy Stop” and “Stop Loss” / “Take Profit”
    for opened short position are executed at ASK price. Such orders as “Sell Limit”, “Sell
    Stop” and “Stop Loss” / “Take Profit” for opened long position are executed at BID price.

•   Company’s price: The Company’s price for a given Financial Instrument is provided
    from the Company. The Company updates its prices as frequently as the limitations of
    technology and communications links allow. The Company will not quote any price
    outside Company’s operations times (see section 3 below) or outside specific CFDs
    trading times as published on the Company’s website, therefore no orders can be
    placed by the Client during that time. The Company does not guarantee that when
    transmitting a Client Order for execution to the Company, the Company’s price will be
    the most favourable for the Client than one which might be available elsewhere. The
    main way in which the Company ensures that the Client receives the best execution
    price is to ensure that the calculation of the BID/ASK spread is made by the Liquidity
    Provider with reference to a range of external data sources and independent price
    providers.

(b) Costs:

•   For opening a position in some types of Financial Instruments the Client may be
    required to pay commission or financing fees, if applicable, the amount of which is
    disclosed in the Contracts Specifications on the Company’s website.

•   Commissions: Commissions may be charged either in the form of a percentage of the
    overall value of the trade or as fixed amount.
•   Financing Fee: In the case of financing fees, the value of opened positions in some
    types of Financial Instruments is increased or reduced by a daily financing fee, “swap”,
    throughout the life of the contract. Financing fees are based on prevailing market
    interest rates, which may vary over time. Details of daily financing fees applied are



                                                  5
             Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                 Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                 HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                               Order Execution Policy


      available under Contracts Specifications section on the Company’s website.

•     For all types of Financial Instruments that the Company offers, the commission and
      financing fees are not incorporated into the Company’s quoted price and are instead
      charged explicitly to the Client trading account.

(c)    Speed of Execution:

•     The Company places a significant importance on Client’s Orders being transacted
      efficiently and strives to offer high speed of execution within the limitations of
      technology and communications links.

•     The use of wireless connection or dial-up connection or any other form of unstable
      connection at the Client’s end, may result in poor or interrupted connectivity or lack of
      signal strength causing delays in the transmission of data between the Client and the
      Company when using the Company’s Electronic Trading Platform. This delay may result
      in sending to the Company out of date “market orders” which might be declined by the
      Company.

(d) Nature of Orders:

•     The particular nature of an order can affect the execution of the Client’s Order. The
      Client is given the option to place with the Company the following Orders for execution
      in the following ways:

      o The Client places a “Market Order” which is an order instantly executed against a
         price that the Company has provided from the Liquidity Provider. Occasionally, if
         the market has moved while the Client is placing the Market Order, the Order might
         be executed at the first available price or it may not be executed at all. The Client
         may modify a Market Order so as to attach a “Stop Loss” and/or “Take Profit”. “Stop
         Loss” is an order to limit Client’s loss, whereas “Take Profit” is an order to limit
         Client’s profit.

      o The Client places a “Pending Order”, which is an order to be executed at a later time
         at the price that the Client specifies. The Company will monitor the Pending Order



                                                     6
                Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                    Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                               HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                             Order Execution Policy


       and when the price provided by the Liquidity Provider reaches the price specified
       by the Client, the Pending Order will automatically become a Market Order. The
       following types of Pending Orders are available: “Buy Limit”, “Buy Stop”, “Sell Limit”
       and “Sell Stop”. The Client may attach to any pending order a “Stop Loss” and/or
       “Take Profit”. The Client may modify an order before it is executed. The minimum
       level for placing “Stop Loss”, “Take Profit”, “Buy Limit”, “Buy Stop”, “Sell Limit” and
       “Sell Stop” orders is between 1 to 5 times the spread for a given Financial
       Instrument, in accordance with the Contracts Specifications available on the
       Company’s website. The Client has no right to change or remove “Stop Loss”, “Take
       Profit” and “Pending Orders” if the price has reached the level of the order
       execution.

(e) Likelihood of Execution:

•   The execution of the Client Orders will depend on the pricing and available liquidity of
    the said providers. Although the Company accepts and executes all Orders placed by
    the Clients, it reserves the right to decline an order of any type.

•   The Company strives to provide the best possible price to its Clients, and makes every
    effort and necessary arrangements to do so; however, it may be impossible to
    guarantee the execution of any or all of the pending orders at the declared price. Stop
    Loss, Take Profit, Buy Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Limit, Sell Stop Orders on Financial
    Instruments offered by the Company are executed at the declared by the Client price
    on the first current price touch. But under certain trading conditions it may be
    impossible to execute orders (Stop Loss, Take Profit, Buy Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Limit, Sell
    Stop) on any Financial Instrument at the declared price. In this case the Company has
    the right to execute the Client Order at the first available price. This may occur, for
    example, at the following cases:

    o Trading Session start moments / opening gaps,

    o During news times,

    o During volatile markets where prices may move significantly up or down and away


                                                   7
              Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                  Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                 HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                               Order Execution Policy


         from declared price,

      o Where there is rapid price movement, if the price rises or falls in one trading session
         to such an extent that under the rules of the relevant exchange, trading is
         suspended or restricted,

      o If there is insufficient liquidity for the execution of the specific volume at the
         declared price.

      For the avoidance of any doubt, the take profit of any pending order will be
      automatically removed in the case the pending order is executed at a price beyond the
      pending order’s take profit level due to any of the above-mentioned cases.

•     If the Client undertakes transactions on an electronic system, the Client will be exposed
      to risks associated with the system including the failure of hardware and software
      (Internet / Servers). The result of any system failure may result to Client order is either
      not executed according to Client instructions or it is not executed at all. The Company
      does not accept any liability in the case of such a failure.

(f)   Likelihood of settlement:

•     The Company shall proceed to a settlement of all transactions upon execution of such
      transactions.

(g) Size of order:

•     All Client Orders are placed in lot sizes. The minimum available tradable size is 0.01 or
      as stated in the Contracts Specifications on the Company’s website. A lot is a unit
      measuring the transaction amount and it is different for each type of Financial
      Instrument. Please refer to the Contacts Specifications in the Company’s website for
      the value of each lot for a given Financial Instrument type. Although in some cases
      there is no maximum size of an order which the Client can place with the Company,
      the Company reserves the right to decline an order, in case the size of the order is large
      and cannot be filled.

•     The Company makes every effort to fill the order of the Client irrespective of the



                                                     8
                Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                    Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                     HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   Order Execution Policy


          volume. However, if this is achieved, it may be at the first available price, different from
          the Client declared price, as the market liquidity may allow at the time of execution
          (See section (e) for Likelihood of Execution).

      (h) Market Impact:

      •   Some factors, such as unusual market conditions, may affect rapidly the price of the
          financial instruments offered by the Company. These factors may influence some of
          the factors listed above. The Company will take all reasonable steps to obtain the best
          possible result for its Clients.

3.5   The Company does not consider the above list of execution factors exhaustive and the
      order in which the above factors are presented shall not be considered as made based on
      the priority of each factor. Nevertheless, whenever there is a specific instruction from the
      client the Company shall make sure that the Client’s order shall be executed following the
      specific instruction from the Client (See section 6 for Client’s Specific Instruction).


5.    Best Execution Criteria

5.1   The Company will determine the relative importance of the above factors by using its
      commercial judgment and experience in the light of the information available on the
      market and taking into account the criteria described below:

      (a) the characteristics of the client

      (b) the characteristics of the client order

      (c) the characteristics of financial instruments that are the subject of that order

      (d) the characteristics of the execution venues to which that order can be directed

5.2   For retail clients, the best possible result shall be determined in terms of the total
      consideration, representing the price of the financial instrument and the costs related to
      execution, which shall include all expenses incurred by the client which are directly related
      to the execution of the order, clearing and settlement fees and any other fees paid to third
      parties involved in the execution of the order.



                                                         9
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                     HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                   Order Execution Policy


6.    Client’s Specific Instruction
6.1   Any specific instructions from a Client may prevent the Company from taking the steps that
      it has designed and implemented in this Policy to obtain the best possible result for the
      execution of those orders in respect of the elements covered by those instructions, as the
      Company will execute the Order in accordance with Client specific instructions. By
      executing Client order based on the specific instructions provided by the Client, the
      Company shall satisfy its obligation to provide the Client with best execution.


7.    Review and Monitoring
7.1   The Company shall review annually the execution policy established, as well as any relevant
      order execution arrangements. Such a review shall also be carried out whenever a material
      change occurs that affects the ability of the Company to continue to obtain the best
      possible result for the execution of its Client orders on a consistent basis. In addition, the
      Company will monitor the effectiveness of the Policy and relevant order execution
      arrangements on an on-going basis in order to identify and implement any appropriate
      improvements. It shall be noted that the Company will not notify clients separately of
      changes made to this Policy, other than substantial material changes, and Clients should
      therefore refer from time to time to the website of the Company for the most up to date
      version of the Policy.


8.    Client Consent
8.1   This Policy forms part of the Account Opening Agreement between the Company and the
      Client. Therefore, by entering into an agreement with the Company, the Client also agrees
      to the terms of this Order Execution Policy, as presented in this document.

8.2   The Client further consents to the Company to receive and transmit his Orders for
      execution outside a regulated market or an MTF.



Version: 2026/01




                                                        10
                    Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                        Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
