                                          HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                       Shield 500
                                    TERMS AND CONDITIONS




___                                                        ___                             ___

Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510,       T. +44-2030978571   support@hfm.com
Beachmont, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines       F. +44-2030978570      www.hfm.com
                                                                                                  HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                          Shield 500
                                                                                                Terms and Conditions


1.   Introduction
1.1. The Shield 500 Terms and Conditions (hereinafter “Promotion” or “Bonus Program”) is a
     bonus offered by HF Markets (SV) Ltd (herein “the Company”) to its Clients under the
     following Terms.
1.2. By opening a trading account under this Bonus Program, the Client acknowledges that
     he has read and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions as well as to the
     Company Trading Terms and Conditions.
1.3. This Bonus Program is available to Company’s Clients that:
     a) have opened an Account with the Company as per the Account Opening Agreement;
     b) have completed the age of 18 or the legal age applied in his country of residence or
        must not be otherwise considered as a ‘minor’ in his country of residence;
1.4. The promotional period for this Bonus Program shall run from 30th of June 2025,
     onwards. There is no time limit for the completion of the bonus requirements.


2.   Terms and Conditions
2.1. This Bonus Program is available to New Clients following their approval or partial
     approval.
2.2. The Client must deposit at least a minimum deposit of 10 USD/1480 KES/15500 NGN/110
     GHS.
2.3. If the minimum required first-time deposit is not met, the trading account will be
     archived if it has already been opened. Otherwise, the option to open a trading account
     will remain unavailable.
2.4. The Clients must keep the deposited amount to the specific Bonus Program account for
     a trading period of 25 days.
2.5. The Shield 500 Amount will be calculated and deposited only at midnight on the 25th day
     since the Shield 500 Account opening.
2.6. Under this Bonus Program, the amount of the bonus is variable and depends on all
     internal transfers and covers potential losses up to the 25th day.
2.7. The maximum return payable under this program is 500 USD or equivalent.



                                                      2
                 Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                     Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                              Shield 500
                                                                                                    Terms and Conditions


 2.8. The Losses covered under the Shield 500 program are considered a tradable bonus, with
        a maximum coverage of up to 500 USD or equivalent.
 2.9. The Bonus Program can be applied to one (1) Account per Client.
 2.10.          The leverage is fixed at 1:1000.
2.11. During news the leverage is decreased to 500.
  2.12. The Bonuses of this Bonus Program is for trading purposes only and cannot be
         withdrawn under any circumstances. Only profits, earned and the Client’s deposits into
         the Account may be withdrawn.
2.13. The Bonuses of this Bonus Program can be lost.
2.14. This Bonuses accounts cannot be transferred between, or from Eligible Clients’ trading
        Accounts within the Company.
2.15. In the case of selecting this Bonus Program there is no margin call alert.
2.16. Please note that you cannot switch between bonus programs offered by the company. If
       you no longer wish to use a trading account with bonus, please archive the bonus account
       or send an email to support@hfm.com in order to archive the bonus account.
2.17. Any withdrawal of funds from the trading account after the 25th day is subject to a bonus
       removal. The bonus removal is proportional to the percentage of the withdrawal amount.
       For example, if a client removes 50% of his available withdrawable funds, 50% of the
       bonus shall be also removed.
Total Transfer in     Shield 500 Bonus              Available             Removal of funds          Bonus removal
  till 25th day                                   Withdrawable               requested
                                                     amount
      $500.00               $200.00                 $300.00                    $150.00                 $100.00




 3.      Termination
 3.1. The Company reserves the right to refuse offering the Promotion to any Client of the
        Company at its sole discretion without the need to provide any justification.
 3.2. If the Company suspects or has reasons to believe that the Client has submitted
        fraudulent details and or false identification information during the Account Opening


                                                          3
                     Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                         Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                  HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                          Shield 500
                                                                                                Terms and Conditions


     Process, the Company reserves the right at its absolute discretion to disqualify the Client
     from this Promotion and/or any other promotion and/or contest and/or bonus program
     offered by the Company.
3.3. If the Company suspects or has reasons to believe that any Client has abused and/or
     manipulated and/or breached in any way any of the Terms and Conditions of this
     Promotion and/or any other promotion and/or contest and/or bonus program offered
     by the Company and/or has not acted in good faith, the Company reserves the right at
     its absolute discretion to (i) void and/or put on hold any payment of the Prizes reached
     by the Client in any given month and/or (ii) completely disqualify the Client from this
     Promotion and/or any other promotion and/or contest and/or bonus Program offered
     by the Company with immediate effect.
3.4. If the Company suspects or has reasons to believe that any Client assigned under the
     Company’s Partners has abused and/or manipulated Company’s internal systems, by
     hedging his positions internally (using other trading accounts held with Company) or
     externally (using other trading accounts held with other brokers) and/or has not acted in
     good faith, the Company reserves the right, at its absolute discretion and without
     obtaining the Client’s consent, to completely disqualify the Client from this Promotion
     with immediate effect and/or void and/or put on hold any payment of the Prizes reached
     by the Client.


4.   Amendments
4.1. The Company reserves the right, at its absolute discretion, to unilaterally modify, change
     or terminate this Promotion or any of the Terms and Conditions included herein, at any
     time without the Client’s consent.


5.   Dispute
5.1. Any dispute arising with or in connection to any of the terms and conditions of this Bonus
     shall be dealt by the Company as per the Company’s Complaints Handling Policy, which
     is available on the Company’s website.
5.2. All complaints must be in writing and addressed to the Customer Support Department of

                                                      4
                 Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                     Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                      HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                              Shield 500
                                                                                                    Terms and Conditions


         the Company via email at support@hfm.com . More details on the procedure which must
         be followed, the deadlines for receiving a response from the Company as well as contact
         details for the Company’s regulatory authority can be found on the Company’s website
         in Section “Legal Documentation”.
6.       Acknowledgements
6.1. The Client acknowledges that where the Company has any indication or suspicion of any
         form of arbitrage, abuse, fraud, manipulation, cash-back arbitrage connected to a
         Trading Account or any other forms of deceitful or fraudulent activity, then the Company
         reserves the right at its sole discretion to:
     •    Close/suspend all Trading Accounts the Client has with the Company either temporarily
          or permanently;
     •    Void all previously credited trading bonuses from the Client’s Trading Accounts with the
          Company;
     •    Void all transactions carried out, including any pending orders and/ or any profits or
          losses earned.
6.2. Clients further acknowledge and understand that where any of the circumstances
         mentioned in Clause 6.1 above, occur, the Company will not be liable for any
         consequences on the Bonus cancellation, including, but not limited to, order(s) closure
         by Stop Out.
6.3. The Client hereby acknowledges, confirms and accepts to be legally bound by the Terms
         and Conditions as set out in this Promotion and/or any other legally binding Agreement
         between him and the Company.
6.4. Clients acknowledge that trading CFDs is highly speculative and involves a substantial risk
         of loss of the invested capital or more than the invested capital. Trading in CFDs is not
         suitable for all Clients but only for those who understand and are willing to accept the
         financial risks involved. CFDs financial instruments may not be suitable for everyone and
         Clients should ensure that they properly understand the risks involved. Clients should
         seek independent advice if necessary.
6.5. All Clients’ orders will be executed by the Company as per its Order Execution Policy,


                                                          5
                     Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                         Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                    HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                            Shield 500
                                                                                                  Terms and Conditions


       which is accessible via the Company’s website under section ‘Legal Documentation.’




   6.6. These Terms and Conditions are made in English language. Any other language
       translation is provided as a convenience only. In the case of any inconsistency or
       discrepancy between original English texts and their translation into any other language,
       as the case may be, original versions of English shall prevail.




Version: 2026/01




                                                        6
                   Registered in the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                       Registration number 22747 IBC 2015
