                                          HF Markets (SV) Ltd

                          TERMS OF BUSINESS GLOSSARY




___                                                    ___                             ___

Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510,   T. +44-2030978571   support@hfm.com
Beachmont, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines   F. +44-2030978570      www.hfm.com
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary


Abnormal Market Conditions - a market with a low number of buyers and sellers. Since few
transactions take place in a thin market, prices are often more volatile, and assets are less liquid.
The low number of bids and asks will also typically result in a larger spread between the two
quotes or a very Fast market.

Advisor - a program which is used to control a Trading Account.

Applicable Rate - Federal Reserve Funds rate.

Application to Open an Individual/Corporate Trading Account - the form to be completed by the
Customer and accessed through the Website.

Ask - the higher price in the Quote being the price at which the Customer may buy.

Balance - the total financial result of all Completed Transactions and deposit/withdrawal

operations on the Trading Account.

Bar/Candle - a graphical representation of a Quotes movement that usually contains the open,
high, low and closing prices for a set period of time (for example, a minute, a day, a week).

Base Currency - the first currency in the Currency Pair.

Bid - the lower price in the Quote being the price at which the Customer may sell.

Business Day - any day between Monday and Friday, according to server time.

Chart - the graph that displays the intraday or difference period of time movements of a given
Currency pair.

Client Terminal - the HF Markets (SV) MetaTrader - 4 program (can be downloaded on the
Website free of charge).

Client Terminal Log-File - the file, which is created by the Client Terminal in order to record all the
Customer's Requests and Instructions.

Company - HF Markets (SV) Ltd, part of HF Market Group, which is licensed by the Financial
Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines with license number 22248 IBC 2014 with postal



                                                         2
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary


address Suite 305, Griffith Corporate Centre, P.O. Box 1510, Beachmont, Kingstown, St. Vincent
and the Grenadines

Company News Webpage - the page of the Website where the Company news is displayed. As of
date       of       these         Terms           the          information             is           displayed           on
https://www.hfm.com/sv/en/about/company-news .

Completed Transaction - two counter deals of the same size (opening a position and closing a
position): buy then sell or vice versa.

Contract Specifications - trading terms (Spread, Lot Size, Initial Margin etc.) for each Instrument.

Currency of the Trading Account - US dollars or as specified by the Customer and agreed by HF
Markets (SV) Ltd.

Currency Pair - the quotation and pricing structure of the currencies traded in the forex market:
the value of a currency is determined by its comparison to another currency. The first currency
of a currency pair is called the base currency, and the second currency is called the quote
currency. The currency pair shows how much of the quote currency is needed to purchase one
unit of the base currency.

Customer - a legal entity or an individual party to the Customer Agreements.

Customer Agreement - the agreement between the Company and the Customer.

Day Order - an Order which is automatically deleted at the end of the trading session.

Dealer - an employee of the Company who is authorized to process the Customer's Instructions
and Requests.

Dispute - the conflict situation when the Customer reasonably believes that the Company as a
result of any action or failure to act breaches one or more terms of the Terms of Business or the
conflict situation when the Company reasonably believes that the Customer as a result of any
action or failure to act breaches one or more terms of the Terms of Business.

Equity - is calculated as (Balance + Floating).



                                                         3
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary


Error Quote (Spike) - The comparatively large upward or downward error movement of a price or
value level in a short period.

Fast Market - Rapid movement in a market caused by strong interest by buyers and/or sellers for
the short period of time often causing Price Gaps.

Floating Profit/Loss - a current profit/loss on Open Positions calculated at the current Quotes.

Force Majeure Event - greater force which essentially frees both parties from liability or

obligation when an extraordinary event or circumstance beyond the control of the parties, such
as a war, strike, crime, or an event described by the legal term act of God (e.g. flooding,
earthquake, volcano), prevents one or both parties from fulfilling their obligations under the
contract.

Gap Level - criterion of Gap regime activation. In case price gap is equal or exceeds “gap level”,
gap regime is activated.

Free Margin - funds on the Trading Account, which may be used to open a position. It is

calculated as Equity less Necessary Margin.

GTC (Good Till Cancelled) - the Order which is valid until the Customer sends the Instruction to
delete the Order.

Hedge Margin - Where a client maintains fully hedged positions, defined as holding equal buy
and sell volumes in the same financial instrument, no margin requirement shall apply. Margin
shall only be required with respect to any uncovered or net position, where applicable.

Hedged Positions - two offsetting positions at the same time so that, regardless of the outcome
of an event, the risk bearer is left in a no win/no lose position. Long and Short Positions of the
same Transaction Size opened on the Trading Account for the same Instrument.

If-Done Order - An If Done Order is placed in conjunction with a Stop or Limit order. After the
initial Stop or Limit order has been executed, the If-Done order becomes active.

Indicative Quote - a Quote at which the Company has the right not to accept any Instructions and
Requests or execute any Orders.

                                                         4
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary




Initial Margin - the margin required by the Company to open a position. The details for each
Instrument are in the Contract Specifications.

Instant Execution - is the mode of execution that allows clients to make deals at the current
market prices, which they see in Market Watch without prior Request.

Instruction - an instruction sent from the Customer to the Company to open/close a position or
to place/modify/delete an Order.

Instrument - any Currency Pair or any other product.

Leverage - ratio in respect of Transaction Size and Initial Margin. 1:200 ratio means that in order
to open a position the Initial Margin is two hundred times less than Transaction Size.

Limit Order - an order placed with a Company to buy or sell a set number of units at a specified
price which better than current Quotes.

Long Position - The buying currency, with the expectation that the asset will rise in value.

Lot - a unit of Base Currency in the Trading Platform.

Lot Size - the number of Base Currency in one Lot defined in the Contract Specifications. Маrgin
Level - the percentage of Equity to Necessary Margin. This ratio is calculated as (Equity
/Necessary Margin) * 100%.

Margin Trading - trading with money borrowed from your broker or bank for that purpose when
the Customer may make Transactions having far less funds on the Trading Account in comparison
with the Transaction Size.

Market Execution - this regime assumes that your order will be executed using not a price you
see on a screen, but a price which exists at the market at the moment of order execution. This
price can be either better or worse than the one you saw at the plot when pushing button “Buy”
or “Sell”.

Market Opening - the time at which the market opens after weekends, holidays etc.


                                                         5
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary


Necessary Margin - the margin required by the Company to maintain Open Positions. The details
for each Instrument are specified in the Contract Specifications.

Normal Market Conditions - the Quotes Flow in the Trading Platform have no fast price

movements and Gaps.

Normal Market Size - the maximum number of lots that does not exceed the volume of Market
Depth at the moment creation of Request.

Open Position - a Long Position or a Short Position which is not closed yet.

Order - an instruction from the Customer to the Company to open or close a position.

Order Level - the price indicated in the Order.

Payment Instructions - details for depositing funds to the Trading Account or withdrawing funds
from the Trading Account.

Pending Order - an instruction from the Customer to the Company to open a position once the
price has reached the level of the Order.

Pip - the Percentage in Point. Since most major currency pairs are priced to fifth decimal places,
the pip is the 4th decimal point – for most pairs this is equivalent of 1/100 of one percent, or ten
basis point (0.00010).

Point - the smallest price change. Since most major currency pairs are priced to fifth decimal
places, the smallest change is that of the last decimal point - for most pairs this is the equivalent
of 0.1/100 of one percent, or one basis point (0.00001).

Price Gap on the Market Opening - the first Ask/Bid of the current trading session is equal or
higher/lower than the last Ask/Bid of the previous session in four spreads in particular
Instrument.

Quote - the current price Bid/Ask for a particular Instrument.

Quote Currency - the second currency in the Currency Pair.

Quotes Flow - the stream of Quotes in the Trading Platform for each Instrument.


                                                         6
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                        HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                  Terms of Business Glossary


Rate - the value of the Base Currency in the terms of the Quote Currency.

Request - a request from the Customer to the Company given to get a Quote.

Rollover - A charge that is incurred by Clients who move their positions to the next trading
session.

Server Log-File - the file created by the Server, which records all Requests and Instructions sent
by the Customer to the Company.

Server - the HF Markets (SV) MetaTrader Server version 4 program. The program is used to
execute the Customer's Instructions or Requests.

Short Position - the selling currency, with the expectation that the asset will fall in value.

Spread - the difference between Ask and Bid.

Stop Out - the closing of the Customer's Open Position(s) without the prior notice in a case of
insufficient funds required to maintain Open Positions.

Stop Order - there is no 100% guarantee of getting the desired entry/exit points. For instance, if
a Quotes gaps down, the trader's stop order will be triggered (or filled) at the first available Quote
which is presented in the Quotes Flow instantly after the Price Gap.

Take Profit - the price to close an opened position at a more profitable price than the current
price.

Thin Market - a market with a low number of buyers and sellers; few transactions take place in a
thin market; prices are often more volatile, and assets are less liquid. The low number of bids and
asks will also typically result in a larger spread between the two quotes.

Ticker - the unique number assigned to each Open Position, Pending Order or

deposit/withdrawal transaction through the Trading Platform.

Trading Account - an account held at a Company and administered by a Customer that the
account holder uses to employ a trading or hedging strategy rather than a buy-and-hold
investment strategy for physical delivery.


                                                         7
                     Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                          License number 22747 IBC 2015
                                                                                                       HF Markets (SV) Ltd
                                                                                                 Terms of Business Glossary


Transaction - any transaction entered into or executed by the Customer.

Transaction Size - The number of Lots of any given transaction.

Trading Platform Time Zone - the time zone in which the Server Log-File records any event. At
the time of the release of this document the Trading Platform Time Zone is GMT+2:00.

Written Notice - any notice which is made to the Customer by the Company via:

     (a) HF Markets (SV) Platform internal mail system;

     (b) email;

     (c) facsimile transmission;

     (d) post; or

     (e) information published on the Company's News Webpage or Forum.




Version: 2026/01




                                                        8
                    Licensed by the Financial Services Authority St. Vincent & the Grenadines.
                                         License number 22747 IBC 2015
